** Introduction **

Spotify is one of the most popular services used for music streaming, with 217 million users worldwide. The application is very successful in recommending songs in mainstream genres, since the team is able to collect a considerable amount of data for their recommendation algorithms due to high demand from users. In a mainstream genre like pop, there also are not a lot of different interpretations of the same song. Publishing (songwriting) and recording go hand in hand. Therefore, usually when a user searches for a particular pop song, they are presented with one artist’s recording, and proceed by listening to this only version of the song. 

However, in classical music, interpretations play a very important role. A poor performance can have a substantial impact on how a piece is received by the listener. There are hundreds of different recordings that exist for one piece. Therefore, when a Spotify user looks up a well-known piece like Beethoven’s 9th Symphony, they encounter a long list of recordings, and listening to all of them and picking their favorite one becomes a tough and time consuming decision. 

In this project, I aimed to create a Web Application that automates this selection process. The application takes the name and composer of the piece from the user, and retrieves the first page of the Google results associated with the piece. Then, the application parses these forums and reviews to get the most popular performers, and returns a ranking of recordings to the user. The user can click on these recordings and listen to them on Spotify, and add them to their playlists as they please.
